Add client compatibility to installation guide (#25548)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/installation.mdx

</Admonition>

<Admonition type="warning" title="Teleport client compatibility">

> When installing Teleport clients - `tsh`, `tctl`, and `tbot` - ensure to
> install the same major version as the Teleport cluster. For example, if the cluster is
> running Teleport 12, you should install a Teleport 12 client.

Reviewer: The docs here should match what's listed on our component compatibility page, which is that clients can be 1 major version behind.

Maybe we should say something like this:
```suggestion
For best results, Teleport clients (`tsh`, `tctl`, `tbot`)
should be the same major version as the cluster they are
connecting to. Teleport servers are compatible with clients
that are on the same major version or one major version older.
Teleport servers do not support clients that are on a newer
major version.
```

</Admonition>

> <Admonition type="warning" title="Teleport client compatibility">

Reviewer 2: The successive Admonitions appear pretty busy to me:
<img width="965" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25250668/236039530-f67021f3-7f70-48c2-8f2f-550813831fc3.png">

I think we can strip both `Admonition` wrappers and add an intro sentence so the text flows more smoothly, making the first part of the guide looks like this:

```markdown
This guide shows you how to install Teleport binaries on your platform,
including:
- `teleport`
- `tsh`
- `tctl`
- `tbot`

If you are new to Teleport, we recommend following our [getting started 
guide](http://localhost:3000/docs/get-started/).

For best results, Teleport clients (tsh, tctl, tbot) should be the same major
version as the cluster they are connecting to. Teleport servers are compatible
with clients that are on the same major version or one major version older. 
Teleport servers do not support clients that are on a newer major version.

See our [Upgrading](http://localhost:3000/docs/management/operations/upgrading/) guide for more information.
```

Author: Added in [b8c4361](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/pull/25548/commits/b8c4361eec5b876a390b42cb53974b2ddca0c991)
